#summary What is Happy Kitty? Reasons for its presence in life.
#labels about,Featured

== About Happy Kitty ==

Happy Kitty is an unofficial project with the mission to provide open source and redistributable freeware games for the latest Pardus Linux release.

The Happy Kitty repository extends the official repositories by providing new games.

There is a short and limited testing phase instead of a full testing cycle to ensure packaging quality, however it is less strict than Pardus's official requirements. You may also be interested on [PackageRepositories#Pardus other unofficial Pardus repositories].

There is no company behind this project. It is managed, maintained, developed and supported by a volunteer group and by the users themselves.

Your help is needed and appreciated.


== Happy Kitty Missions ==

Happy Kitty's ultimate goal is make Pardus the best free software and open source gaming platform there is for both developers and users.

We aim to accomplish this goal through a variety of activities:

  * Package all GNU/Linux games for Pardus:
    * Package all playable (not dead, free or open source, funny) games from [http://www.happypenguin.org/ Happy Penguin] (see [HappyPenguinMission] for details).
    * Package all games from [http://www.playdeb.net/ PlayDeb].
    * Package all games from [http://aur.archlinux.org/packages.php?O=0&K=game&do_Search=Git&PP=25&SB=v&SO=d AUR].
    * Package all games from [http://qt-apps.org/index.php?xcontentmode=4250x4251x4252x4253x4254 Qt-Apps.org].
    * Package all requested games at [http://tinyurl.com/3gh8bjc Pardus Bugzilla].
  * Package all game console emulators (see [EmulatorMission] for details).
  * Create high quality packages of gaming-related libraries, and game development tools.
  * Document [http://code.google.com/p/happy-kitty/wiki/PackageList the available games].
  * Provide [http://code.google.com/p/happy-kitty/wiki/InternetSites#Discussion_Groups electronic mailing lists] where users and developers can discuss issues related to current games, and game packaging issues.
  * Seek publicity for games in Pardus.
  * Actively review each other's game packages to shorten the time it takes to get games approved and imported into official Pardus repository.
  * Design additional guidelines on top of the [http://developer.pardus.org.tr/guides/packaging/index.html Pardus Packaging guidelines] that are specific to games.
  * Help each other fix bugs that have been filed against game packages.
  * Alert each other about orphaned and soon-to-be orphaned games so that we can prevent their removal.
  * Improve the quality of the games in the official Pardus repository (bug reports, new version requests, Turkish game translations, articles).


== Happy Kitty Staff ==
You can visit [http://code.google.com/p/happy-kitty/people/list People] page to see who manage, maintain, develop Happy Kitty.


== Similar Projects ==
=== For Arch ===
  * [https://github.com/Arch-Games The Arch Linux Gaming Repository Project]

=== For Debian ===
  * [http://wiki.debian.org/Games/ Debian Games Team]

=== For Fedora ===
  * [https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/SIGs/Games The Fedora Special Interest Groups - Games]

=== For Gentoo ===
  * [http://www.gentoo.org/proj/en/desktop/games/ Gentoo Games Project]

=== For openSUSE ===
  * [http://gamestore.gk2.sk/ openSUSE Game Store]

=== For Ubuntu ===
  * [http://www.playdeb.net/ PlayDeb]
  * [http://www.dotdeb.com/ DotDeb]
  * [http://ubuntugames.org/ Ubuntu Games]
  * [https://help.ubuntu.com/community/Games Games on Ubuntu]