#summary This is really hardest part and a draft only for now.

== As Happy Kitty User ==
To become a Happy Kitty user does not need to do anything special. Just add Happy Kitty repository to your Pardus system and enjoy games. But if you want to do more:
  * Make requests for new packages,
  * Report errors in existing packages,
  * Mention us,
  * Be one of our sponsor
  * Be Happy Kitty Wiki writer, packager, developer, or project owner
  * ...


== As Happy Kitty Wiki Writer ==


== As Happy Kitty Packager ==
Anyone who can make a package for Pardus could be a packager at Happy Kitty. There are just some conditions.
  * Using Pardus.
  * Love to playing and packaging.
  * Know at least a basic level of programming.
  * Like research and debugging
  * ...

Happy Kitty doesn't have an exact policy yet. This is only a primitive state of such a future document. Just a draft.

Here's the plan. Do one of the following tasks and be one of the first packagers at Happy Kitty. They often will not be easy. Beware of dragons because you are crunchy and taste good with ketchup!
  * issue 31: Package uhc and all of its dependencies
  * issue 65: Package rainy-day and all of its dependencies
  * List all non-packaged games from Pardus Contrib 2009 devel repository and package them all for Happy Kitty. [http://packages.pardus.org.tr/info/contrib/2009/devel/sources.html Packages] | [https://svn.pardus.org.tr/contrib/2009/devel/game/ SVN]
  * Write a Pardus related platform game (use Pardusman as protagonist, collect PiSi packages instead of golds) in LÖVE and package it for Happy Kitty.
  * Find yourself a great idea or a really good game to package, and then apply to participate in.


== As Happy Kitty Developer ==


== As Project Owner ==