#summary Reasons for Happy Kitty's presence in life
#labels missions,Featured

Happy Kitty's goal is make Pardus the best free software and open source gaming platform there is for both developers and users.

We aim to accomplish this goal through a variety of activities:

  * Package all GNU/Linux games for Pardus:
    * Package all playable (not dead, free or open source, funny) games from [http://www.happypenguin.org/ Happy Penguin].
    * Package all games from [http://www.playdeb.net/ PlayDeb].
    * Package all games from [http://aur.archlinux.org/packages.php?O=0&K=game&do_Search=Git&PP=25&SB=v&SO=d AUR].
    * Package all games from [http://qt-apps.org/ Qt-Apps.org].
    * Package all requested games at [http://hata.pardus.org.tr/buglist.cgi?bug_status=NEW&bug_status=ASSIGNED&bug_status=REOPENED&product=Yeni%20Paket%20%C4%B0ste%C4%9Fi%2F%20New%20Package%20Request&query_format=advanced&order=bug_id%20DESC&query_based_on= Pardus Bugzilla].
  * Create high quality packages of gaming-related libraries, and game development tools.
  * Document [http://code.google.com/p/happy-kitty/wiki/PackageList the available games].
  * Provide [http://groups.google.com/group/happy-kitty a list] where users and developers can discuss issues related to current games, requests for new games to be packaged, and game packaging issues.
  * Seek publicity for games in Pardus.
  * Actively review each other's game packages to shorten the time it takes to get games approved and imported into official Pardus repository.
  * Design additional guidelines on top of the Pardus Packaging guidelines that are specific to games.
  * Help each other fix bugs that have been filed against game packages.
  * Alert each other about orphaned and soon-to-be orphaned games so that we can prevent their removal.
  * Improve the quality of the games in the official Pardus repository (bug reports, new version requests, Turkish game translations, articles).