#summary Various package repositories
#labels devel

= Introduction =

I'm going to add my content here.


= Package Repositories  =

== Alt Linux ==
[http://www.altlinux.com/ ALT Linux] is a set of RPM-based operating systems built on top of the Linux kernel and Sisyphus packages repository. ALT Linux is developed jointly by ALT Linux Team developers community and ALT Linux Ltd.

  * [http://sisyphus.ru/en/packages/ Alt Linux Sisyphus Repository]

== Arch Linux ==
[http://www.archlinux.org/ Arch Linux] is a Linux distribution intended to be lightweight and simple. The design approach of the development team focuses on simplicity, elegance, code correctness and minimalism.

Arch is largely based around binary packages. Packages are targeted for i686 and x86-64 microprocessors to assist performance on modern hardware. A ports/ebuild-like system is also provided for automated source compilation, known as the Arch Build System.

In addition to the repositories, the Arch User Repository provides user-made PKGBUILD scripts for packages not included in the repositories. The PKGBUILD scripts simplify building from source by explicitly listing and checking for dependencies and configuring the install to match the Arch architecture

  * [http://www.archlinux.org/packages/ Arch Linux Package Database]
  * [https://aur.archlinux.org/ AUR (Arch User Repository)]

== Debian ==
[http://www.debian.org/ Debian] is a computer operating system composed of software packages released as free and open source software especially under the GNU General Public License and other free software licenses. The primary form, Debian GNU/Linux, which uses the Linux kernel and GNU OS tools, is a popular and influential GNU/Linux distribution. It is distributed with access to repositories containing thousands of software packages ready for installation and use.

  * [http://www.debian.org/distrib/packages Debian Packages]
  * [http://patch-tracker.debian.org/ Debian Patch Tracking System]

== Fedora ==
[http://fedoraproject.org/ Fedora] is an RPM-based, general purpose collection of software, including an operating system based on the Linux kernel, developed by the community-supported Fedora Project and sponsored by Red Hat. The Fedora Project's mission is to lead the advancement of free and open source software and content as a collaborative community.

  * [https://admin.fedoraproject.org/pkgdb/ Fedora Package Database]
  * [http://pkgs.fedoraproject.org/gitweb/ Fedora Packages Git Repositories]
  * [http://koji.fedoraproject.org/koji/ Fedora Build System]

== Gentoo Linux ==
[http://www.gentoo.org/ Gentoo Linux] is a computer operating system built on top of the Linux kernel and based on the Portage package management system. It is distributed as free and open source software, but includes some proprietary software packages. Unlike a conventional software distribution, the user compiles the source code locally according to their chosen configuration. There are normally no precompiled binaries for software, continuing the tradition of the ports collection, although for convenience, some software packages (such as Mozilla Firefox and OpenOffice.org) are also available as precompiled binaries for various architectures where compiling would otherwise be very time consuming.

  * [http://sources.gentoo.org/ Gentoo Repository Listing]
  * [http://gentoo-portage.com/ Gentoo Portage]
  * [http://gpo.zugaina.org/ Gentoo Portage Overlays]
  * [http://packages.gentoo.org/ Gentoo Packages]
  * [http://kambing.ui.ac.id/gentoo-portage/ Gentoo Portage Index]

== Mandriva Linux ==
[http://www.mandriva.com/ Mandriva Linux] (formerly Mandrakelinux or Mandrake Linux) is a French Linux distribution distributed by Mandriva (formerly Mandrakesoft). It uses the RPM Package Manager. The product lifetime of Mandriva Linux releases is 18 months for base updates (Linux, system software, etc.) and 12 months for desktop updates (window managers, desktop environments, web browsers, etc.). Server products receive full updates for at least 24 months after their release.

  * [http://svn.mandriva.com/svn/packages/cooker/ Cooker]
  * [http://svn.mandriva.com/cgi-bin/viewvc.cgi/packages/cooker/ Cooker ViewVC]

== openSUSE ==
[http://www.opensuse.org/ openSUSE] is a general purpose operating system built on top of the Linux kernel, developed by the community-supported openSUSE Project and sponsored by Novell. After acquiring SUSE Linux in January 2004, Novell decided to release the SUSE Linux Professional product as a 100% open source project, involving the community in the development process.

  * [https://build.opensuse.org/ openSUSE Build Service]

== PLD Linux Distribution ==
[http://www.pld-linux.org/ PLD] is a free, RPM-based Linux distribution, aimed at the more advanced users and administrators, who accept the tradeoffs of using a system, that might require manual tweaking in exchange for much flexibility.

  * [http://cvs.pld-linux.org/cgi-bin/cvsweb/packages/ PLD CVS Tree]

== Red Hat Linux ==
[http://www.redhat.com/ Red Hat Linux], assembled by the company Red Hat, was a popular Linux based operating system until its discontinuation in 2004.

Red Hat Linux 1.0 was released on November 3, 1994. It was originally called "Red Hat Commercial Linux". It was the first Linux distribution to use the RPM Package Manager as its packaging format, and over time has served as the starting point for several other distributions, such as Mandriva Linux and Yellow Dog Linux.

Since 2003, Red Hat has discontinued the Red Hat Linux line in favor of Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) for enterprise environments. Fedora, developed by the community-supported Fedora Project and sponsored by Red Hat, is the free version best suited for home use. Red Hat Linux 9, the final release, hit its official end-of-life on 2004-04-30, although updates were published for it through 2006 by the Fedora Legacy project until that shut down in early 2007.

  * [http://rpmfind.net/ Rpmfind]
  * [http://rpm.pbone.net/ RPM Search]
  * [http://freshrpms.net/packages/ Freshrpms]
  * [http://svn.rpmforge.net/svn/trunk/rpms/ RPMforge]
  * [http://sophie.zarb.org/ Sophie]

== Sabayon ==
[http://www.sabayon.org/ Sabayon] (formerly RR4 Linux and RR64 Linux), is a Gentoo-based Linux distribution created by Fabio Erculiani and the Sabayon development team. Sabayon follows the "Out of the box" philosophy, aiming to give the user a wide number of applications ready to use and a self-configured operating system.

  * [http://packages.sabayon.org/ Sabayon Entropy Store]
  * [http://gitweb.sabayon.org/?p=overlay.git;a=tree Sabayon Linux Portage Overlay]

== Slackware ==
[http://www.slackware.com/ Slackware] is a free and open source Linux-based operating system. It was one of the earliest operating systems to be built on top of the Linux kernel and is the oldest currently being maintained. Slackware was created by Patrick Volkerding of Slackware Linux, Inc. in 1993. The current stable version is 13.1, released on May 24, 2010.

Slackware aims for design stability and simplicity, and to be the most "Unix-like" Linux distribution, using plain text files for configuration and making as few modifications as possible to software packages from upstream.

  * [http://repository.slacky.eu/ Slacky.eu]
  * [http://slackbuilds.org/repository/13.1/ SlackBuilds Repository]

== Ubuntu ==
[http://www.ubuntu.com/ Ubuntu] is a computer operating system based on the Debian GNU/Linux distribution and distributed as free and open source software. It is named after the Southern African philosophy of Ubuntu ("humanity towards others").

With an estimated global usage of more than 12 million users, Ubuntu is designed primarily for desktop use, although netbook and server editions exist as well.

  * [https://launchpad.net/ubuntu Ubuntu in Launchpad]
  * [http://packages.ubuntu.com/ Ubuntu Packages Search]
  * [http://patches.ubuntu.com/ Ubuntu's Debian patches repository]

= References =
  * [http://tr.pardus-wiki.org/Pardus:Paket_depo_ba%C4%9Flant%C4%B1lar%C4%B1 Paket Depo Bağlantıları (Turkish)]
  * [http://en.wikipedia.org/ Wikipedia]